---
title: Tribute
author: H1
summary: I am helpless and sorry; you are here and I can feel your absence. You look
  at that ledge like it is your raft and I stand here feeling sorry for all the times
  you had to face the world without an armor, all the times you felt alone, and the
  times my limbs were too small to reach out to you.

---
I am helpless and sorry; you are here and I can feel your absence. You look at that ledge like it is your raft and I stand here feeling sorry for all the times you had to face the world without an armor, all the times you felt alone, and the times my limbs were too small to reach out to you.

I am sorry for letting you indulge in your seclusion and fearing to breach boundaries of ice and metal you set up. I want to save you —and it sounds absurd even to me — from yourself. 

You turn your back to me and I watch it as it turns into rock and fangs as I try to come closer, to put a hand on your shoulder and snatch you back from yourself and other things. 

Do you think you could look back one more time? Look back and you will see my hand extending to yours because I know that today too, you woke up drowning in your own existence, wounds open and bleeding into sheets soiled with tears and yells. 

I am afraid it's too late, you have turned all calls down and that edge promises to bring your sufferings to an end and bless you with silence. And what do I promise you? I promise you to light up the dark, slimy tunnels of your heart, I promise you stolen laughs and memories you can make a bonfire out of on ice-cold days. 

Look about you, people are reaching out, wanting to help. You don't want to be salvaged but I cannot let go of you or I will follow your path. 

Please, open the shutters, the blinders of your heart, air it out and fill it with the crisp air of autumn, the swift breeze of winter, the sweet scent of spring and the fine sun rays of summer. Feel droplets of rain seeping into your skin and being, hear the laughter from the baby nearby and see the love of a father holding his kid's hand. 

Do not let go, reach out, yell at the top of your lungs, pound your fists on the table, demand to be heard and give in into the cares offered and the hugs you're surrounded with.

Reach out.